01.Code-Lite
Languages Supported: C, C++
An Open-Source, cross-platform IDfor C+ and C++ coding languages, CodeLite works on all major platforms. 
CodeLite offers a variety of features, including two built-in completion engines, compilers, refactoring, code navigation and more.

02.Eclipse
Languages Supported: C, C++, Python, Perl, PHP, Java, Ruby and more
Many development frameworks are built on Eclipse, a free, open-source editor that was initially a Java environment
but a variety of plug-ins have extended its capabilities considerably. The Eclipse Standard 4.3.2 version, for instance, 
includes the Eclipse Platform along with the tools required to debug it, plus Java and Plugin Development Tooling and Git and CVS support.
If your requirements are different, you can choose from a variety of Eclipse Package Solutions, including tools for Java developers, 
Scout Developers, RCP and RAP Developers and more.

03.NetBeans
Languages Supported: C, C++, C++11, Fortan, Assembler
An intuitive, drag-and-drop interface with project templates, binary and static libraries, and many useful functions 
to make your life simpler, NetBeans is a popular IDE for C and C++ projects. It also supports Fortan and Assembler files, 
with GNU Debugger Integration and code assistance, NetBeans is a functional IDE for editing existing projects, building on templates 
or building from scratch on most leading platforms. There are also multiple NetBeans Enterprise IDE Download Bundles with options that 
support several additional technologies, including Java, PHP, HTML5 and more.

04.Komodo
Languages Supported: Python, PHP, Ruby, Perl, HTML, CSS and JavaScript
Komodo is a comprehensive IDE that supports all major programming languages, providing a single tool that meets your development needs
across the spectrum. Whether you’re working with Python, PHP, Ruby, Perl, HTML, CSS or JavaScript, Komodo provides a clean, 
intuitive interface with advanced editing capabilities and integrated tools for the most functionality.  

05.Microsoft Visual Studio
Languages Supported:
Variety of languages supported across products
Ajax, ASP.NET, XAML, JavaScript, dynamic HTML, DHTML, Visual Basic, Visual C#, Visual C++, Visual F#, JScript
Several platforms support any programming language
Microsoft Visual Studio offers a multitude of editions for developing, testing, and deploying applications for the web, desktop, mobile, 
and even game consoles. With a plethora of testing and compatibility tools, you can test on virtual machines, tap into the functionality 
of BrowserStack to see what your app looks like across more than 300 browsers, run compatibility reports to identify patterns and issues 
between browsers and so much more.

06.Lazarus
Languages Supported: Object Pascal
A free Pascal RAD IDE, Lazarus enables you to create complex graphical interfaces on any platform. Create open source or commercial applications, 
including file browsers, database applications, graphics editing or 3D software, and more with more than 200 built-in components 
and multiple add-ons via Lazarus Package Files (LPKs)  to extend capabilities.

07.JCreator
Languages Supported: Java
A powerful IDE for Java, JCreator offers a range of features and functionality in a simple, intuitive interface that can be used easily by developers
from beginner to advanced. While many Java-based editors and IDEs are written in Java, JCreator is written in C++ to provide enhanced speed and agility.





